# Scary Times
Good morning. My god. This world keeps getting worse and worse by the day. The President of the United States called our military service men and women who died in service "losers" and "suckers." I will stand by this phrase for all time: "when someone tells you who they are, believe them."
The moral degradation of this country has snowballed. The soul of this nation is on life support. I am saddened that I live in a country that is slipping - slipping and falling into a deep-rooted fascism. The politics of us and them, it's being amplified by the day. My own family thinks that I am crazy, that I am just a "libtard" that I don't know anything and that this is "just a pahse" because "[they] remember when [they] were 22." No.
I am done with the lies, the gaslighting. This country is slipping away from my future. Think for a second: You may never have a free and fair election in your lifetime, and you live in the United States of America. The institution has failed. The federal government has fallen. Make no mistake, I am part of the resistancce. I will fight like hell to elect democrats in this country to scourge the phony-populism, fascism, and authoritarian kleptocracy. We are living in a combination of both "1984" and "the Handmaid's Tale." Although I haven't read the Handmaid's, my understanding is that they live in a world where there is too much information and truth has left the world. It was crowded out of view by lies and disinformation. That is what is happening at the moment. And has been happening for the past four years. And the Republican party has enjoyed a one-party rule here in Ohio, and they have royally fucked all of us over with extreme partisan Gerrymandering. For a god-forsaken example, consider the proven fact that the City of Cincinnati has inadequate representation in Congress and in the State of Ohio. GOP operatives gerrymandered Hamilton County into two sections, and paired the districts that traditionally vote Democrat in with hyper-conservative districts in the suburbs. There are many other resources that confirm my observations, including a law suit that has been accepted by the Ohio Supreme Court. The corruption in our state politics runs deep. The one-party state is the prime arena for quid-pro-quo and secret deals that make politicians rich. e.g., see the First energy scandal where the Ohio speaker of the house Larry Householder made $60 billion just by passing an unpopular energy bill. THIS is what we are dealing with.
I am grieving for my country. This is the country I was born into, the country that I was told to love and serve, and this is what I have been left behind. My generation is inheriting a system that doesn't actually speak for the people. It has inherited a failing capitalist system that continues to (more prominently) de-value human life in favor of money and cheap labor from AI innovations (paging Andrew Yang).  We live in a world where the TRUTH is hard to come by thanks to coordinated misinformation campaigns by foreign governments, who launched a psy-op on the American electorate in 2016 and successfully installed a Kompromat US citizen who hasn't paid taxes in his lifetime. 
I am in GRIEF. Grief for my country that was promised to me but has been robbed while I was in the cradle. What am I to do? What do I tell my children about this tumultuous time in our history? Do I tell them that while I was young the system crumbled from within and so little did I know it, but I never had the change at a free and fair election in my lifetime. That statement is scary. Will I tell my children that I am fearful of the present? What do I tell them? 
I will tell them that I fought for my country. I will tell them that I fought against the forces that seek to strip America down and sell it for parts. I will be part of the solution. I will use my education and training to contribute to a more equitable society. I will rebuke hate and racism, and shake-up the members of our community who permit this. I will stand out and fight for the moral-character of our nation. You have to stand-out and fight for the right thing. As Grandma told you after church one Sunday morning: "Sean, you have to fight for something if you want it." 
That's it for today. I will hopefully have a blog/personal website up and running this weekend so I might consider putting more thoughts out to the world.
